                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Fall 2020)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Le Yang

  
B: Zehui Jiao

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	            6          6
coding 	  	  	            10         10
writeup 	  	  	 	    10         10
planning (alone) 	  	  	2          2
total (including meetings) 	28	  	   28


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
    The major responsibilities of each team member include discussion, review class and reading material, writing code and doing experiments, writing report.
(b) Did you complete the assignment?
    Yes
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
    Each of us implement a certain part of the code. Besides using github, we send each other messages whenever we have questions or ideas about the project, which is very efficient. Also, at each step of the project, we will hold a zoom meeting to plan.
    However, sometimes we may have some disagreements on design, which may waste some time.
(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
    Working in a team require every member to finish his/her own task, and collaborate with each other. At the beginning of the project, we need to make clear plan and then perform the tasks step by step.
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
    Have meetings more frequently.
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
    Even in a team of 2, we need to have a leader to make final decisions, which can improve efficiency.
(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?
    Maybe add a autograder on the gradescope