                       CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                                (Spring 2022)
                Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                     University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #2

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Le Yang

 
B: Yongming He

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	         10         10
coding 	  	  	           15         15
writeup 	  	  	         8          8
planning (alone) 	  	  	 4          4
total (including meetings) 	 37	  	    37


(3) Describe 
  (a) what the major responsibilities of each team member were;
      The major responsibilities of each team member include discussion, review class and reading material, writing code and doing experiments, writing report.
  (b) whether or not you completed the assignment;
      Yes, we complete the assignment.
  (c) the major strengths and weaknesses in your team, e.g. how
      your team worked together;
      In this assignment, the main task is to implement the kernel function matMul. In this case, each of us try different method. Besides using github, we send each other messages whenever we have questions or ideas about the project, which is very efficient. Also, at each step of the project, we will hold a zoom meeting to plan.
      However, sometimes we may have some disagreements on design, which may waste some time.
  (d) the lessons learned from these events;
      Working in a team require every member to finish his/her own task, and collaborate with each other. At the beginning of the project, we need to make clear plan and then perform the tasks step by step.
  (e) whether and how you plan to change the way your work together and
      We have more virtual meetings to discuss.
  (f) anything else that comes to mind.
      Even in a team of 2, we need to have a leader to make final decisions, which can improve efficiency.


